BACKGROUND
Hardy adventurer that you are, you have never been known to quail at a little danger. But you're no fool. You've always been far too wise to venture into Scorpion Swamp. All your life you've heard tales of that awful marsh and its disgusting denizens. But the real danger of the swamp, so the tales go, is not the creatures that inhabit it, nor even the magicians and wicked men who haunt its paths.
No, the reason that so few return from Scorpion Swamp is very simple. The swamp is criss-crossed by numerous trails that twist and turn in all directions. No one has ever mapped them and lived to tell the tale. An evil fog hides the sky, so no one can set a course by the stars. Once you're well into the swamp, even compasses are unreliable. They may point north, west, or south-by-south-east, leading you around in circles until you drop from exhaustion.
So you've stayed well away from the swamp-lands. But although you don't know it yet, something is about to happen to change your fortunes...
As you walk along the King's highway, you come upon an old woman, crumpled in the dust. You carry her into the shade and give her a drink from your water-skin. She soon revives, but you walk with her to the next town, just to make sure that she will be all right.
You take your leave of her in the town market-place. 'Bless you for your kindness,' she says, when you part. 'Wear this with my good wishes, and may you never lose your way.' With that, she gives you a plain-looking Brass Ring. When you slip it on your finger, smiling your thanks, it feels loose. An hour later, as you walk down the highway again, you realize that it has altered its shape to fit you perfectly. You have a magic ring!
As you travel, you learn more about the Brass Ring's powers. The old woman must have been a powerful Witch, and she meant her blessing seriously. While you are wearing the Brass Ring, you will always know which way is North. Even in the deepest forest or in the twistiest town street, you will never be lost. Furthermore, the Brass Ring grows warm on your finger in the presence of evil, even when you are greeted in a friendly fashion. You spend a week with the forest bandits... rough men, but honest in their way... and the Ring is cool. But in the caverns, it warns you of evil magic and of foul undead. And in the towns, you find that no clever thief or lying merchant can fool you. The old woman's gift is valuable indeed to an adventurer like you!
Now you feel as though you ought to put the Brass Ring to some use worthy of its magic. Exploring Scorpion Swamp, with its unmapped maze of trails, might be the perfect task. And it might be profitable, too! So, with your mind set on glory and treasure, you set off towards the bogs and fens of Scorpion Swamp.
Now turn over.
