BACKGROUND
The rain spatters the windscreen relentlessly. You can see no more than a watery gloom as you strain forwards over the steering-wheel to see the road ahead. Although the wipers flap valiantly, they are fighting a losing battle, as the rain drives harder and harder. Your foot eases off the accelerator; the headlights struggle to light up the road.

Damn! You curse the white-haired old man who sent you off along this bumpy track. Probably he meant the second turning on the left - or even a right turning. The old fool. Perhaps this is his idea of a joke. After all, didn't you notice a mischievous glint in his eye? Something vaguely sinister?

But what sort of nonsense is this? So you've taken a wrong turn and got caught in a downpour in the night. The rain will ease off soon - it can't possibly keep up this deluge for long - and then you'll be able to... WATCH OUT!

You spin the wheel frantically to the left to avoid the figure who, from nowhere, shows up in the headlights. The car bumps and jolts as it bounces over the rocky roadside and thumps into a ditch.

You collect your thoughts. You are unhurt, but shaken. Then you remember what has happened. The body! You must have hit the figure which appeared; there was no way you could have avoided him. You spring out of the car, praying that he is still alive.

Your clothes soak up the rain as you hobble back to the road. In the darkness it is difficult to see anything. But there is no sign of a body!

You consider the situation. Are you certain that it was someone and not a trick of the light? Yes. You can remember the arms held up in fright as the car collided, and the look of anguish on his face. His face! There was something familiar about that face. A man you recognized. An old man; with white hair...

Your heart leaps: no, impossible! With a shiver of fear you race back to the car, jump inside, force the key into the ignition and twist it violently! The starter coughs, splutters and dies.

You hit the key again but this time a single shudder is all the engine can manage. You grasp the wheel with your hands and shake it desperately as if to force some life into the car. But the battery is dead. Your car is certainly not budging from the ditch tonight.

Your situation is hopeless. But now the plight of your car is paramount. Where can you get help? You passed a garage at Mingleford, but that was some twenty miles away.

As if in answer, a light appears in the distance. Someone has switched on a bedroom light. What a stroke of luck! It was at least fifteen miles back that you passed the last house and you happen to have broken down just a short distance from someone's home.

You button up your coat and open the door. From outside the car, you can see the building more clearly. Just ahead, on the left, a drive winds up to a large house. It is a good five minutes' walk away. And by the time you reach it, you will be drenched. But how else can you call the garage? You can't afford to miss tomorrow's appointment. No, go you must. Anyway, you'll probably be able to dry off inside after phoning the garage.

You slam the door, turn up your collar and set off for the house. A flash of lightning lights it up clearly for you but, in your preoccupation with the rain, the warning from above is wasted on you. The house is old - very old - and in a shocking state of repair. The light in the window is flickering. Most likely an oil lamp - certainly not electric. And you don't notice a fact that might have turned you back anyway: there is no telephone line going to the house.

As you climb the steps to the front door, little do you realize what fate has in store for you.

Tonight is going to be a night to remember...
