BACKGROUND
You are regaining consciousness. Your eyes flutter open to the sound of a songbird, trilling joyously. You are lying on a couch of green velvet, set on the topmost turret of a great white castle hanging in the clouds. Rising to your feet you look around. The songbird, whose sleek feathers are a warm burnished gold, is perched on the battlements, resplendent against the ocean-blue canopy of a sky in which there is no sun.

You are clad in strange, outlandish clothes, breeches of dark-green leather and a thickly quilled leather jerkin. On your feet are russet-red calfskin boots, supple and comfortable, into which the breeches are tucked at mid-calf. A heavy sword is belted at your side and, with a shock, you realize that somehow you know how to use it skilfully and with deadly force. As the songbird trills you try, in vain, to recall memories of Earth but everything is hazy and distant. You have been taken from the world you know and trained in the art of swordplay. You cannot remember even who trained you or why, but the hilt of the sword fits your hand snugly. Drawing it, you lunge and parry, marvelling at how the sword cuts through the air faster than the eye can follow.

The songbird seems unperturbed by your fine display of swordsmanship, but you are surprised when it cocks its head and speaks to you, its voice fluting merrily.

"Welcome, Champion of Fate. Do not be dismayed, you are not yet in danger."

"Where am I?" you ask, feeling as if you are in a dream.

"Far, far from your home, I fear to say. This is the world of Orb and you are in the Garden of the Gods."

"What is Orb?" you demand.

"You will find it most strange and full of wonder, for it is very different from Earth. Men must share it not just with talking creatures such as I but with weird and fell monsters, giants, dragons and demons. There are warlocks and sorcerers, too, great wielders of magic, in the cities. But do not fear, you have been chosen to be our champion, for you are more likely to succeed than any other on Earth. Now I must complete my task. Come, my masters bid you join them in the chamber below. Please follow me."

With that the golden songbird flutters away down a spiral staircase. Shaking your head in confusion you descend the stone steps into a large circular room where two beings turn towards you. "Welcome," says one, a pale female figure enfolded in a swirling robe of many colours above which you can only see a perfectly smooth and hairless head. The robe shimmers, its colours shifting as she steps towards you, catching your mind before you realize what is happening. Looking into her face, you see an image of yourself, fighting for your life inside a huge temple. Then the image shifts and you see yourself leaving a walled city, hastening alone across a desolate moor, only to find yourself deep in a jungle, surrounded by devils with blue skins. Your nape bristles as you realize that she is revealing glimpses of your destiny. It is only when they are over that you notice she has no eyes in her smooth pale face.

The other figure changes even as you look at him. At one moment he is an ancient white-haired man, heavy with knowledge, at another an infant, wise beyond his years. The metamorphosis through youth to age takes but a few instants, yet flows so smoothly you cannot see the features change. His voice is soft and ageless. "We have summoned you here to the world of Orb because we wish to prevent a fatal upset in the balance of nature. The cosmic scales have been tipped too far and you must play a part in righting them. It is not for us in the Garden of the Gods to set things right. We cannot fight him who would bring chaos to Orb. Rather we use men as our tools. I shall not say whether you will succeed."

The floor of the room upon which you are standing is the most realistic and detailed map imaginable. You can even see small figures tilling the fields and walking the streets of an entire world; a world of pinnacled castles; knights on horseback, their men-at-arms bearing banners which stream in the wind; and strange high-walled cities with towers and spires, concealing the dives of assassins and thieves amongst the splendour. The eyeless immortal steps forward, her robe now the colour of the deep sea, and caresses your cheek.

"We are sending you down to the surface of Orb. If you fall into the clutches of Death we cannot aid you. Do not fail us!"

"Fail in what?" you begin to ask. But just then, to your horror, you find yourself being drawn inexorably towards a black crack in the map. The realization that your destiny is being tampered with angers you, and you resolve to find a way back to Earth and your home at any cost. As the world of Orb rises up to engulf you, the awesomeness of what is happening overwhelms you and you lose consciousness.
