APPOINTMENT WITH F.E.A.R.

Tough, courageous, incorruptible champion of law and order, you are the Silver Crusader, using your super powers to protect the innocent citizens of Titan City from the evil machinations of a host of super-villains. Arch villain of them all is the Titanium Cyborg, head of the infamous F.E.A.R. organisation. Terrorism, violence, kidnap-mappings and corruption - nothing is too evil for F.E.A.R.

So, what news leaks out of a secret meeting of F.E.A.R. heads here in Titan City. Your mission is close: discover the location of the meeting, capture the Titanium Cyborg and his cohorts, and bring them to justice.

These are your super powers to choose from, clues to find, Hero Points to gain or lose, and new twists to the Fighting Fantasy combat system as Steve Jackson's amazing mind throws you up against the most challenging, the most dangerous advent of them all! All you need is a sword, a pencil and a pair of brains. Many dangers lie ahead - and even with FEAR'S evil plots, FEAR itself is no match for the Silver Crusader.

BACKGROUND

The time of your birth was an anxious moment for your parents and their doctors. Your mother had consented to undergo an experimental form of genetic surgery. The doctors had warned her of the dangers of the radiation experiments; their research programme was nowhere near complete. But this she already knew, for she herself was one of the researchers. The work had reached the stage where progress was impossible without testing it on a human subject. Your father had not fully understood the implications when he gave his consent, and eight pairs of apprehensive eyes watched your arrival into the world.

Their first reaction was one of relief. You certainly seemed a normal, healthy baby. Postnatal tests showed no physical deformities whatsoever. In fact, you appeared to be a fine specimen. In your younger years your development was carefully monitored with a seemingly endless series of physiological and psychological tests, all of which you passed with flying colours. The doctors and researchers congratulated themselves; their experiments were a complete success. However, the experiments had been conducted in a shroud of secrecy. Had the world known of the risks of the experiment, public outcry would have been overwhelming. It would certainly have put an end to further genetic research. And from your mother's point of view, she had no wish to have the world regard you as an experimental freak. Only a few knew what had really happened.

Over the years, the testing stopped as the doctors felt more and more certain that there was no need to monitor your progress. As fate would have it, it was just when this testing stopped that it became clear that you were anything but a normal child. Your latent superhuman powers did not show themselves until after the doctors had lost interest.

Your parents, who had become thoroughly fed up with the endless tests, decided that your extraordinary powers must remain a secret from the world. They had no wish to have you studied as some kind of freak for the rest of your life.

You have a regular job working in an office of a medium-sized company. But when duty calls, you become the Silver Crusader, upholder of justice; and you have taken an oath to serve in the fight against crime in Titan City. Apart from your own super abilities, you have one other device to aid you - your Crimewatch. This neat little device, worn around your wrist, receives and broadcasts transmissions to and from your two most important allies. You can be contacted by police headquarters through this Crimewatch and you can also summon the police to aid you. In addition, your friend and underworld contact Gerry the Grass is able to warn you of impending crimes through the Crimewatch.

Gerry the Grass has recently become aware of an important meeting about to take place within the next few days. Vladimir Utoshski, leader of F.E.A.R. (the Federation of Euro-American Rebels), has been summoning his aides-in-crime to meet in Titan City. Utoshski, also known as the Titanium Cyborg, is a super-villain whose field of expertise is the electronic enhancement of human abilities. He is part man, part machine - and very dangerous.

Gerry the Grass has not yet found out where or when the meeting is due, but one thing is certain: its purpose is to finalize plans for a scheme which would mean disaster for the western world. The meeting must be stopped! You must find out where and when this meeting is due to take place, and prevent it at all costs.